[Security] Tell about request_matcher (#11574)
symfony/symfony-docs: security/firewall_restriction.rst

How to Restrict Firewalls to a Request
======================================

When using the Security component, firewalls will decide whether they handle a request based on the
result of a request matcher: the first firewall matching the request will handle it.

> The last firewall can be configured without any matcher to handle every request it sees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last firewall can be configured without any matcher to handle every incoming request.
```

> Restricting by Service

Reviewer 2: I would change the order and first documention "Restricting by Config" and then "Restricting by Service". I think the service one is not used that much, whereas the configuration is almost always used.

----------------------

> You can configure any service implementing ``Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\RequestMatcherInterface``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure any service implementing :class:`Symfony\\Component\\HttpFoundation\\RequestMatcherInterface`
```

                    request_matcher: app.firewall.secured_area.request_matcher
                    # ...

    .. code-block:: xml

        <!-- config/packages/security.xml -->
        <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
        <srv:container xmlns="http://symfony.com/schema/dic/security"
            xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
            xmlns:srv="http://symfony.com/schema/dic/services"
            xsi:schemaLocation="http://symfony.com/schema/dic/services
                https://symfony.com/schema/dic/services/services-1.0.xsd">

            <config>
                <!-- ... -->
                <firewall name="secured_area" request-matcher="app.firewall.secured_area.request_matcher">
                    <!-- ... -->
                </firewall>
            </config>
        </srv:container>

    .. code-block:: php

        // config/packages/security.php

        // ...
        $container->loadFromExtension('security', [
            'firewalls' => [
                'secured_area' => [
                    'request_matcher' => 'app.firewall.secured_area.request_matcher',
                    // ...
                ],
            ],
        ]);

> However in most cases you don’t need to create these matchers yourself as Symfony can do it for you based

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However in most cases you don't need to create these matchers yourself as Symfony can do it for you based
```

I don't think we use these nice typographically correct characters in the documentation (as most of us write the docs in their favorite IDE, so you'll always get the developer-single-quotes).

> on the firewalls’ configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on the firewall configuration.
```
